Update index.md (#5857)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/index.md

#### Why do my sync results show *No records extracted* when I select *Updated records* after I enable the mapping? 
It's expected that when you select **Updated records** the records do not change after the first sync. During the first sync, the reverse ETL system calculates a snapshot of all the results and creates records in the `_segment_reverse_etl` schema. All the records are considered as *Added records* instead of *Updated records* at this time. The records can only meet the *Updated records* condition when the underlying values change after the first sync completes.

> #### Does Segment use TLS for the connection between Snowflake and Segment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Does Segment use Transport Layer Security (TLS) for the connection between Snowflake and Segment?
```

> Segment uses the official [gosnowflake library](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/snowflakedb/gosnowflake#pkg-variables) for connecting with the Snowflake, which internally uses TLS for the HTTP transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment uses the [gosnowflake library](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/snowflakedb/gosnowflake#pkg-variables){:target="_blank"} to connect with Snowflake, which internally uses TLS for the HTTP transport.
```
